DOCSP-33952: Atomic typos (#319)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/includes/localhost-connection.rst

``"mongodb://localhost:<port>"`` where ``<port>`` is the port number you
configured your server to listen for incoming connections.

> If you must specify a different hostname or IP address, see our Server

Reviewer: S: here, I think "want to" is more apt
```suggestion
If you want to specify a different hostname or IP address, see our Server
```
